N physical frames (numbered from 0 to N-1, N<8)
    - number provided in the command line
virtual memory of ten frames (numbered from 0 to 9)

MENU:
0 – Exit
Will exit the program

1 – Read reference string
A reference string will be read from the keyboard and stored in a buffer. 
Each value of the reference string will be verified and validated (or rejected).
Using option 1 again will result in overwriting the old reference string.

2 – Generate reference string
A reference string will be randomly generated; 
the length of the reference string will be given by the user interactively. 
The string will be stored in a buffer.
Using option 2 more than once will result in overwriting the old reference string.

3 – Display current reference string
Will display the stored reference string; 
if there is no reference string stored yet:
    an error message will be displayed.

4 – Simulate FIFO
Will simulate the step by step execution of the FIFO algorithm using the stored reference string; 
    if there is no reference string stored yet:  an error message must be displayed.
The user will press a key after each step of the simulation to continue the simulation.
The total number of faults will be displayed at the end of the simulation.

5 – Simulate OPT
Will simulate the step by step execution of the OPT algorithm using the stored reference string; 
    if there is no reference string stored yet, an error message must be displayed.
The user will press a key after each step of the simulation to continue the simulation.
The total number of faults will be displayed at the end of the simulation.

6 – Simulate LRU
Will simulate the step by step execution of the LRU algorithm using the stored reference string; 
    if there is no reference string stored yet, an error message must be displayed.
The user will press a key after each step of the simulation to continue the simulation.
The total number of faults will be displayed at the end of the simulation.

7 – Simulate LFU
Will simulate the step by step execution of the LFU algorithm using the stored reference string; 
    if there is no reference string stored yet, an error message must be displayed.
The user will press a key after each step of the simulation to continue the simulation.
The total number of faults will be displayed at the end of the simulation.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Deliverables:
1. source code
2. report.doc - containing:
    introduction and an overview of the project
    a comprehensive description of the design and implementation
3. test document w/:
    screensots show execution 4 algorithms using the inputs from HW6
        3 screenshots for each algorithm: 
            i. shows beginning of the simulation
            ii. in the middle of the simulation 
            iii. one showing the end of the simulation.
4. test doc containing screensots:
    - show the execution of the 4 algorithms using the following inputs: 
        N=5, ref. string is: 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 9 1 8 2 7 3 6 4 5 
        - 3 screenshots for each algorithm: 
            i. shows the beginning of the simulation
            ii. one in the middle of the simulation
            iii. one showing the end of the simulation.